hi this is going to be my second
template the stupid thing because I
don't know what happened my other video
I recorded it on YouTube and it records
like half of it and then it doesn't work
so I don't really know what's going on
with that but what's gone is the other
day I was asked well why don't I d why
don't I to eat meat it's it's so good
and he was eating this chicken and he
started to wave it in my face and shove
it at me and stuff and he's really
annoying and my boyfriend we pushed his
arm other ways I was going to hit him
but i just wanted to reply that I don't
like to justify you know instant
gratification especially if it's just
because something tastes good I know
what happens maids animals and I don't
want to support it you know what's so
wrong with not wine to kill things not
supporting you know corporations that
make living off of killing and
slaughtering billions of animals every
year you know good they live in terrible
conditions and they get sick and then we
get sick because of it it's just stupid
it's like why why are you singling out
these creatures to like cows and
chickens and turkeys and pigs all these
farm animals that are considered you
know food our sent me I'm sentient
beings just like me are you so why why
did you choose them instead of like
choosing need everything else if you're
going to eat something like animals I
mean like why don't you eat your dog or
lunch eat my bird you know like just
because this bird's my pet or your dog
or your cat your pet and you know them
you don't want to eat them but you'll
you're okay with justifying eat that
chicken or that cow that someone could
have as a pet just like my bird or your
cat or whatever it doesn't really make
sense to me so
you know I just wondering why don't you
go out need a lion or some other
predator which could actually more
defend itself because you know these
farm animals they're very they're gentle
they're herbivores you know they're
going to trust us more so than whatever
sorry so no I want I want to see you go
actually out and try to hunt you know
maybe now maybe with your hands or
whatever you'll go go try eat that line
see what happens when you try to kill
him and stop just being specious about
your food or whatever you know I I go
out and I by inviting with vegetables
and fruit and stuff and I eat them and I
actually I kill my own fruits and
vegetables so why can't you go out and
you kill it you know your own meat it's
like I don't have to rely on Blythe rely
on the farmer but I want to rely on
anybody killing for me to be able to eat
which is really cool so it's like I know
a lot of mediators oh they're like oh I
could never kill my own you know my own
meat it's like well why are you eating
it you can't you can't kill up what you
can you can eat it and you could pay
someone to kill for you that's what it
is it's killing it's just killing and
you know there's so many studies out
there it's like who don't need you don't
need me for nutrients and stuff and I'm
doing my own superfood selling and super
foods have everything you need and so do
regular vegetables and stuff and well
something together and I'll really look
for but it's out there so it's like
let's see I'm going to eat your chicken
you're waving in my face or I'm going to
choose a path where I
pretty much not hurting or killing
anything and I still get all my
nutrients and I can still eat stuff that
tastes good and I won't get you know
clogged arteries and high cholesterol
and fat and whatever the hell ever else
with all those health problems and stuff
so yeah sorry about all the others and
likes and whatever i'm a little
confusing sorry so i just want to talk
about that because it's really stupid
and you know stop trying to get us to
eat meat because that makes us not want
to eat me more and i know you're going
to turn that around and say we'll stop
trying to get us the vegetable your
stuff but it's like you don't need to
watch you know need a list listen you
know that's your choice so